Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
ANNOUNCER: Icon.
legend.
international recording star.
-She's none
of these things yet.
-
Boys. girls. gays and theys.
let's welcome to the stage.
two tons of fun. twisted steel
and sex appeal.
Ms. Darienne Lake.
Hello! Hello! Hello!
Hello!
Hi!
Hi. There we go!
Thank God. I'm a loud mouth
fucking bitch. Oh!
Does she need a microphone?
No. she doesn't. Hi.
Does she need a railing
to go down these two steps?
No!
-I'm calling OSHA.
by the way.
-
I'm calling OSHA. Oh. my God!
Thank you all for joining me
on my fitness journey.
Down those two steps.
I'm exhausted.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Oh. that's more exercise
I've had all week.
Thank God I got a cocktail.
-Ooh!
-
Get the show started off
fucking right.
How's everybody doing?
Oh. yes!
Big girl
is in the house. honey.
Big girl is in the house
on her little fitness journey.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh. my God.
And I know we got big girls
in the audience today.
You don't need to applaud.
I can hear you breathing.
It was a long walk here.
But that does not mean
that we are not big. gorgeous
and sexy. and fuckable. honey.
Yes!
Hey. honey. Hi. Hi.
You know how to get a big girl
like me in bed with you?
Piece of cake.
Ha-ha!
Oh. hi.
My voice isn't very deep.
but my throat is.
-
I've got to say
I'm quite the catch.
Because I don't run very fast.
-Uh-uh. No.
I know.
My pantyhose won't even run.
My friend upstairs is. like.
"Honey. your pantyhose
are sagging at the ankles."
I'm. like.
"I'm not wearing any."
Oh. Ha-ha. Ah.
But I will say. though.
you know. I am single.
Shocker. I know.
Gasp!
Anybody single here?
Single people?
People in relationships?
Fuck you.
-Uh. no.
Oh. I don't know
why I'm single.
I'm like an animal in bed.
-A possum. Uh...
-
I just lie there
and pretend like I'm dead.
And I don't have tics.
I'm actually. um.
personally looking for.
like. a friend with benefits.
No. actually. I'm looking
for a stranger with benefits.
I got enough fucking friends.
Oh. hi. Is anybody there?
Anybody single?
Anybody looking?
Anybody want a big. fat.
gorgeous lady like myself?
-Oh. No? Okay. thank you.
Thank you.
-
"I'm terrified. I'm scared."
My friends.
they get sex all the time.
I mean. probably
because they're built
like fucking Greek gods.
you know?
Like. chiseled.
just muscles out of marble.
-the tiny little dicks. Um...
-
Uh. they do. they do.
My one friend.
he looks like fucking Superman.
you know?
And if I was lucky.
I would look like Spider Veins.
I know. like.
I'm on my feet a lot. you know.
-and I'm a hair stylist as well.
so. you know?
-
Oh! Thank you.
thank you.
Thank you.
-And I'm a slut.
so I'm on my knees a lot.
-
Uh. I've tried
working out. though.
Um. at the gym.
I'm like a ninja.
You'll never see me there.
My friend. David.
was. like. "You know what?
"Maybe you should start small.
like. do like the couch to 5K."
Do you know what that is?
It's like.
"Oh. here's a little app
or whatever." and it's like.
you go from the couch.
and then before you know it.
you do 5K.
you're doing a fucking marathon.
-That's 26.2 fucking miles.
-
No.
-Honey. I don't even want
to drive 26.2 fucking miles.
-
No. Gas is expensive.
Thanks. Joe Biden. Um...
Let's go. Brandon!
That was a test.
And you all passed.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-
I know we're here
with the right audience. then.
Oh. yeah!
But. seriously. I mean. 26...
If your friend calls you up
and they're. like.
"Hey. could you pick me up
from the airport?
"I'm. like. 26.2 miles away."
Nope.
You should've called
a better fucking friend.
Because that ain't me. honey.
No. I'm not doing
no marathon
anytime soon. honey.
-I'm actually in the fitness
protection program...
-
...so. I'm good. you know?
Do you guys work out?
You guys are all... Come on.
-WOMAN 1: Yeah.
-Yep.
Just you. fatty.
-Just...
-
Thank you. Thank you.
I've tried everything. though.
Like. I joined
the Overeaters Anonymous.
-And the 30-day chip
is a barbecue. so...
-
Delish. I know.
-Somebody's in the program.
Oh. I know.
-
I'm holding out
for the sour cream
and cheddar. Ah!
Those are good.
You don't try those?
They're good.
Once you pop.
it's just like me. honey.
Oh. yeah.
But Overeaters Anonymous
is. um...
It's a lot like
Alcoholics Anonymous.
Uh. you know.
there's the 12 steps.
-Thankfully. they're not
upstairs.
-
Yeah.
But I think
it's funny. though.
It's. like.
Overeaters Anonymous.
-Anonymous.
-
Nobody can tell
that you're an overeater.
Nobody.
-Really?
-
Anonymous.
And. mmm-hmm. there's...
Big secret.
Yeah. but I've tried.
like. the keto. the paleo.
the low carb. the Atkins.
whatever it was.
You know. I realized.
like. I'm just. like.
a fucking. uh. carb-aholic.
I must be allergic.
Like. whenever I eat carbs.
blow up like a puffer fish.
-Um. delish. though.
And I tried that. uh.
Jared from
the sandwich shop.
You know.
the sandwich shop guy.
the Jared. Subway...
-You know.
"Eat fresh." Um...
-
Jared from Subway.
Do you remember Jared
from the sandwich shop?
Yeah. Um.
that's where you. like.
eat three sandwiches a day
and then have sex
with underage boys.
Oh. Oh. I'm sorry.
Was he your friend?
-I didn't mean to offend
your fucking friend.
-
Isn't it funny
that he started off
with. like.
a mild cholesterol problem
and ended up with. like.
a child molesterol problem?
Yeah. Yeah!
But for me.
boys are like blackjack.
Anything over 21 is too much.
Ha-ha.
Hit me!
Hit me again.
-I like it rough.
Uh...
-
I tried
the Richard Simmons diet.
Uh. that's where you get sick
and then just wither away.
-Uh...
-
Aw. poor Richard in his shorts.
-Yay! Uh...
-
I got one of those fit watches.
whatever. you know?
It's like
an apple pie watch. Um...
But it's. like. you know...
It gives you. like.
little notifications.
and it's. like. "Hey.
why don't you get up
and get moving?"
Why don't I take you back
to the fucking store
where I got you from?
So. I threw it
across the room.
But. um. you know. I tried.
like. the food tracker apps
and stuff like that.
or whatever.
So. I'm like.
entering all my food.
and I'm like.
"I'm gonna be good.
"I believe in myself.
"I can do this."
So I'm entering my food.
it's 03:00 p.m.
and the app is. like.
"Maybe for dinner
you should have
a handful of sleeping pills."
Now. I don't know
if the app just told me
to go to bed
because I've had enough
to eat today.
or maybe it told me
to fucking kill myself.
Either way.
I'll give it a shot.
When I was a little boy.
my mom took me
to Jazzercise classes
and stuff.
I know somebody
just went. "Boy?"
-Uh...
-
I know. Did I not mention
that I was a boy?
Oh. my God. I hope...
Does anybody not know
that I'm a drag queen?
That I'm a man? That I'm a...
You don't know?
Oh. my God. Wow!
Somebody take her
to the eye doctor's.
Thank you.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't know what gave it away.
Was it the wig?
Ten pounds
of makeup.
Uh. maybe it was
the size 12...
Uh. 8 shoe.
Maybe it's that.
Maybe it's my arm hair.
-Um. it could be anything.
The deep voice. Thank you.
But I don't want to be a woman.
You know. like.
I am a drag queen.
I am happy being a man.
-Um. you know. thank you.
-
I know there are some people
who are. you know. transgender.
and they believe
that they are born
in the wrong body.
It's like. God. you know.
apparently. was like. "Oops."
Uh. didn't do his paperwork.
Um. so. you know.
that is not me.
Like. I am very happy
and very comfortable
being a man in a dress.
-Performing for love.
and applause and...
-
And money.
Please buy my merchandise.
It's on my website.
I don't have it.
-Um...
-
All of it was made in America
by dreamer children
in cages. Uh...
-I'm kidding.
I know it's horrible.
It's horrible.
Please go out there
and fucking vote.
And remember. if you're. like.
a person who's not an ally. um.
-I hate you. No. but...
-
But even if you are
a straight person
who's like.
"Well. it doesn't affect me."
Like. listen.
abortion doesn't affect me.
I'm never going to have
an abortion.
But I'm here for your fight.
-So. you've got to be
for our fight.
-
You know?
Let's get in a fight!
I like to perform
for the love.
for the applause.
for the money.
-Um...
-
And for the occasional
"straight dick."
-
Ah-ha.
-Or the curved dick. uh...
-
Black dick. white dick.
uh. brown dick.
it don't matter.
-Uh. you know.
spotted dick. Um...
-
That... By the way.
that's. like.
a British pudding.
and I'm a fat hog.
so I... Spotted dick.
I don't care
if it's an ombre dick.
You know.
it's different colors.
I'm into it.
I'm all there.
I love it. Uh...
But it's really hard. though.
trying to date
as a drag queen
because. you know.
they're all like...
"If I wanted to be with a man.
I'd be with a man.
"not somebody
dressed like a woman."
All right.
So. I feel like drag queens
are kind of
like car accidents.
You know.
everybody wants to see one.
but nobody wants to
get involved in one.
But I will say. though.
like. I have been lucky.
on occasion.
to get a boy to. you know...
Who's like.
"You're pretty enough."
Uh...
Thank you.
-Little boost
in my confidence here.
Thank you.
But I worked at this one club
where all the straight girls
would bring
their straight boyfriends.
and then all the boyfriends
would magically find their way.
backstage. down the steps
to the basement.
all the way
around the corner
to where
the dressing rooms were.
Hi.
And there was
this one boy. Sean...
I probably shouldn't use
his name.
-Sean Spicer.
No. um. so...
-
So...
Actually. this boy.
he was so cute.
He was my type
because he was alive.
-And. um...
-
I mean.
nothing against dead guys.
They're nice. too.
Uh. but. you know.
it's not the same fight.
Uh. so...
Sorry. I don't know
where I was going with that.
So. this boy comes
sniffing around.
Drag sniffers.
is what we used to call them.
I mean. we used to call them
tea chasers.
but we don't use
that word anymore.
Um. so he comes
sniffing around and stuff.
And he's like. ooh.
so cute.
Cute little. tight little.
dirty little.
white trash. trade body.
You know?
You know the type. trade?
You know. that's where
you trade sex for money.
-Um. so. gorgeous little thing.
So. he comes downstairs.
And he's like. "Yeah.
you wanna suck my dick?"
And I was like.
"Oh. maybe."
"I don't know.
Maybe. you know. I got time."
Oh.
Yeah. straight boys. ugh.
Even spaghetti's straight
till you get it hot and wet.
-
So then he pulls out
his dick.
very manageable.
Aww.
Aww. Mmm.
So cute.
So then he tried to do
the helicopter with it.
you know?
Do you know what that is?
Some of the guys know.
It's. like. when you
take it out and...
It was a fidget spinner.
And I have ADD.
so it's cool. um...
So. I was like.
"Ooh. let me play with it."
So. I was like. "Okay.
I'll suck your dick."
His girlfriend's banging
on the door.
-but it's fine. Um...
-
So. I get down there.
Just like. "Ooh. let me. Okay."
And I grab his dick.
I grab his dick.
"Oh. my God.
it's the biggest thing
I've ever seen."
"I don't know
if I can take it all the way."
So. I started sucking his dick.
and he's like. "Oh. yeah."
So then. you know.
I'm tickling the balls
as you do.
-You know?
-
-Dad taught me. And. uh...
Tickling the balls and stuff.
I start sliding my fingers.
there's the taint.
because they love that.
It was...
A little... Mmm.
And then. you know.
start tickling the asshole.
and getting that finger.
getting ready.
And he's like. "Oh. yeah."
So. you know. you can't just.
like. fucking.
you know. just...
You know?
This is not like
a no-knock-warrant situation.
like. "Open up. the police!"
-Um...
You gotta. you know. like.
ring the doorbell a little bit.
Ding dong.
Anybody home?
He's like. "Ah!"
So. one finger goes in.
So nice.
And he's like.
"Oh. yeah."
And I was like. "Oh. yeah."
-Ding dong. ding Dong.
Let me grab
two fingers.
Oh!
Get the taste out of my mouth.
That's better. Okay.
You say. "Ew." but really.
when it's too clean.
you're like.
"This doesn't taste
like anything."
-Anyway. um...
-
Just me? All right.
Ding dong. ding dong.
ding dong.
I'm like.
"Oh. this is good."
And so. I'm like.
"If he takes three fingers..."
I mean. I'm not normally a top.
but if he takes
three fingers. he's...
I mean. that's...
The girth. not the length.
I'm like.
"He's ready for fucking."
-Uh...
-
So. I'm like.
"Ding dong. ding dong.
ding dong."
-Oh. Ha-ha.
AUDIENCE: Oh!
WOMAN: Oh.. no!
WOMAN: Oh!
-Zip. Bye. All right.
-
So. he took off.
and. um...
So. then I sat down there
at my makeup table.
and grabbed a makeup wipe
to clean my fingers.
I know. It happens.
Straight guys. come on.
wash your assholes.
-Do we have
straight people here?
Straight guys. straight guys.
where are you?
Yeah. a baby wipe.
Just something.
You know. get a bidet.
They're fantastic.
Especially in the summertime.
That brisk cold water. Ooh!
All right.
Gets you going. Whoo!
I tried one of those
coffee enemas.
Uh. word to the wise.
cool the coffee down first.
I'm awake. but I'm. like.
medium rare.
-Uh...
-
Anyway. so.
I'm wiping my finger.
and I was like.
"Wait a second.
I know three fingers went in.
"and I only have
two fingernails left."
"Have fun pooping."
I was like...
But then I was. like.
"Godammit. that was. like.
"a champagne
fucking French-tip
"with the crystals on it."
I was mad. I wanted it back!
I was like. "Where did
that motherfucker go?"
I was like. "Drag is expensive."
It is fucking expensive.
Are you kidding me?
That's why we're constantly
asking you for our money.
Like. I actually registered
my drag as a non-profit
because it doesn't make
any profits.
Oh. my God. it's horrible.
So. it's like. you know.
there's so many things
that you have to buy.
the tits and shit.
And. like. the boobs.
hip pads. dresses.
Um. and. you know.
I have my foundation.
Uh. and my lipstick.
and my mascara.
and eyelashes.
and all that stuff.
Actually. I will say. like.
I try to give back. um.
to the gay community.
to the straight community.
to everybody.
because. you know.
that's really. I think.
so important these days.
Um. all the money
that I'm raising.
even tonight.
is going to help
the sick children.
Jose Cuervo. Johnnie Walker.
Jim Beam...
Lil' Tito.
Can't think about Tito.
I love the booze!
All my life.
I've enjoyed it.
Even when I was a little kid.
my favorite game was playing
"Duck. duck. Grey Goose."
Uh. now I do shots of insulin.
-Uh...
Oh.
But the cool thing
about wearing
a corset. though.
is you drink alcohol.
and it just sort of
sits up here.
and it won't go through
your fucking body
because it's so goddamn tight.
It's... It's...
And then you take it off.
and it all hits you
like a fucking Four Loko.
-* I'm drunk
-
* I'm fucking wasted
"Hi. What are you doing?
Are you single? Hi."
For granted.
But ladies know
the best part of the day
is. like. taking your bra off
at the end of the day.
Ah. just...
But even better is when you
then take your dick out
from between
your legs. like...
Ah! It's the best
fucking feeling.
Ah!
You scratch it. um...
With two fingernails.
And. uh...
Every now and then.
I get in drag
just to make myself a sandwich.
"Make me a sandwich. bitch."
Okay.
-
She's misogynistic. um.
she's crazy.
She's insane.
My roommate.
he actually thinks
that I'm schizophrenic.
Joke's on him.
I don't have a roommate.
So...
But. um. every now and then.
I get a little bit tipsy.
a little bit tipsy.
and then I pass out
in my makeup.
And... Anybody else do that?
Thank you.
And then you wake up.
and your fucking pillow
-looks like the Shroud
of Turin. you know?
-
I was like. "Ooh.
maybe Jesus was a drag queen."
Um. or maybe the last supper
was barbecue.
and it's just like a wet nap.
-
I know. I swear to God.
if you hear a crack of thunder.
I might get smited by God.
All right.
So. this. I mean. you know.
this is expensive makeup
as well.
Drag queen. Expensive.
I can't...
This is not Wet n Wild. honey.
This is not...
It ain't Covergirl. honey.
because Covergirl
doesn't cover boy.
No. this is Sherwin-Williams.
Home Depot.
This is hardware store paint.
you know. in a semi-gloss.
-Um. okay. she's dewy.
-
Yeah. and. um...
And. of course. you know.
the corsets.
So. if anybody does have a gun
and wants to shoot me.
don't worry. steel bones.
-Yeah. I know.
Corsets are great
because they
just sort of. like.
squeeze everything
like toothpaste.
from the middle. just...
Yeah. Hi.
I love your blouse.
Mmm-hmm. They call me.
like. a blouse. too.
because I'm a soft top.
No. I'm kidding. No. uh...
No. these actually
aren't my titties.
These are my testicles.
-Uh...
-
I shaved them for you.
You're welcome.
Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. I got them done
at press crafters
in about an hour.
-Uh. so... I know.
-
Some of the drag queens.
they wear those.
like. tit bibs.
You know. like.
the breastplate things
or whatever.
This is grade-A. all-beef.
-No filler.
-
Yeah.
Those breastplates smell
like Band Aids
and old condoms.
And these smell like
shaving cream.
Uh. I shave them.
Thank you.
It actually. um...
It's a Nerf basketball
that I cut in half.
and then just squish
everything. and...
Do you want to see it?
WOMAN: Yeah!
That costs extra.
-Um...
-
And then. of course.
as a drag queen.
I. also. um...
I wear hip pads.
Hip pads.
to give myself that hour-
and-a-half-glass figure.
Thank you.
Thank you. Yeah.
They're actually
made out of. uh. foam.
-Dusty. Um...
-
Couch foam.
Yeah. you don't know.
And we take the couches.
and we take those. um...
The turkey knives
or whatever
that you use to carve up
the turkey. and we just...
Because they cut the foam.
just so you can shape it.
and give yourself
that gorgeous little figure.
Ooh!
AUDIENCE: Ooh.
Yeah.
I'm wearing
your sectional sofa
right now...
-...is basically
what I'm saying.
So. I guess now
is a good time as any
to come out as trans-sectional.
"Don't make fun of me."
I'm not. I'm making fun of me.
Okay? Thank you.
"She's trans-sectional."
Yeah.
The kids like to play on me.
Okay. um...
I know. More cushion
for the pushin'.
Literally. more cushion
So. actually.
these hips are made
out of a pull-out couch.
And judging
by the stains on them.
now you know
why it's called
a pull-out couch.
Uh...
My mom is very Catholic.
and so she believed in.
like. the rhythm method
and the whole pull-out method.
And she had five kids.
So. she was not very good
at the pull-out game at all.
I mean. she should have
listened to Gloria Estefan
when she said.
"The rhythm
is going to get you."
* Tonight
Yes. Five kids.
We grew up out on Long Island.
-Uh...
-WOMAN 2: Yeah!
Is somebody here
from Long Island?
Oh. my God.
how fantastic. Hi.
What part?
-WOMAN 3: Suffolk.
-Oh.
Well.
it's beautiful out there.
No. actually.
I'm from Long Island.
out on North Babylon.
Suffolk County.
I lost my accent.
I don't talk like I used to.
But I'm the middle child
of five kids.
Um. boy. boy. me.
girl. girl.
Yeah.
Physical abuse on one side
and mental abuse on another.
Thank you. Thank you.
-I guess I'm what you call
the "transitional" child.
-
My parents prayed
a little too hard for a girl
third time around.
Yeah. I'll meet you halfway.
Oh. oh. Ha-ha.
Who knows which half.
Um. so...
But my parents. probably.
they must've. you know.
known I was. like.
you know. "different."
You know. a little queer.
a little...
Um. because. like...
So. my older brothers.
they had. like.
this red onesie
and stuff. you know?
So. my older brother had it.
and then it was handed down
to my next brother.
And so then he had it.
and he grew really fast.
so they cut the legs
off of it and stuff.
And then by the time I got it.
it had been washed
so many times.
that it had turned pink.
So. there I am.
a little corny kid
in a fucking pink romper.
-just like...
-
-"Like my romper?
It's got pockets."
-
"It's got pockets."
It's like girls with dresses.
Oh. my God. I love it. Oh.
Or then I put on my dad's.
like. big t-shirt.
and he's like.
"Oh. I'm proud of my boy."
And then I put a belt
around it.
and played Charlie's Angels.
"Cover me. Bri."
Oh. I mean. it was the '70s.
You know. shocking.
Um. and so. like.
they must have seen. like.
"Uh. this one's a little.
you know."
"a little crazy."
Um. I would. like.
enter every room
like there was a beaded curtain
in the doorway.
Do you remember. like.
the beaded curtains?
Anybody old enough
to remember.
like. Greg Brady.
-and he had the beaded
curtains and stuff?
-
Hello. Wooden beads and stuff.
So. I'd enter
every single room
like there was
a beaded curtain
in the doorway.
Gotta push them out of the way.
"Hi. everybody.
"Welcome to my den."
There I was.
sitting on the floor.
playing with
my sister's Barbies.
My mom saw that.
and she was like.
"No. that is not a toy
for boys."
Snatch.
So. then. she gave me
a He-Man doll.
Thank you.
Oh. my God.
it's my type.
Those big. huge muscles.
You remember
He-Man. right? Oh!
He can lift a ton.
He can't spell it.
-
Oh. and it was like. his head.
like. that page boy haircut.
It just... It just was shaped
like a penis head.
-Uh...
-
Felt like one. Uh...
I mean. you know.
with enough lube.
-
Uh. wow. I was pretty faggoty.
-Uh...
-
We have gay people here?
That's where there are.
Get 'em! Get 'em! No.
But my brothers
would always watch.
like. wrestling on the TV
and stuff.
And. as a little gay kid.
I was. like. "Whoa!"
So. they're watching
wrestling and stuff.
and I'm sitting there
on the couch.
just leapfrogging
the pillows.
"Yeah. Pin him down."
"Pin him down like that."
I'm just pretending
like John Cena
is going to put me
between The Rock
and a hard place.
Do you guys remember.
like. wrestling in school?
Wrestling in school.
that was fun.
You know. going into
my teen years
when you're starting
to develop and stuff.
you know?
And my boo-boos were coming in.
Um. do you remember... Ugh.
Do you remember. like.
the first position and stuff?
No. you don't?
Do you want me to teach you?
Because you're
in the front here.
Okay. Come here.
Don't trip. Don't trip.
Don't trip.
-Don't trip over the...
Don't smash the light.
I gotta pay for it.
Okay. Hi.
-What is your name?
-Ryan.
-Ryan. Are you heterosexual?
-Absolutely not.
I can tell by the way
you're dressed.
I could tell by the way
I know.
It's a great combination.
Okay. so. you don't remember
high school.
like. wrestling and stuff?
Okay. So I'll let you...
Maybe this will refresh
your memory.
-Okay. So. the first position.
all right?
-
This is great.
The greatest thing
about school.
like. in wrestling.
they're. like. "Okay.
"we're going to line
everybody up
by weight class."
So. that's why I picked you.
because I figured.
"Huh. Close enough."
-Um...
-
No. But seriously.
it was like. little twink.
little twink. little twink.
normal-sized person.
a normal-sized...
The butch guy. the bully.
the coach.
And then me.
I was 12. Um. so.
I was. like. "It's okay.
I'm heavy enough."
Okay. So. first position.
-All fours. Uh...
-
-This is...
This is Greco-Roman
wrestling. okay?
So. there I am.
the second person.
he puts his hand here
on your shoulder.
Does anybody...
Anybody remember this
from school?
Oh. my God. was it just me?
Did I go to a faggoty school?
It's probably Catholic school.
So. he puts his hand here.
So. then he also puts his...
Oh. God.
I'm going to kneel down.
Jesus fucking Christ.
I may never get up.
Um. I'm going to get it up.
but I'm never going to get up.
There. That's right.
So. then he puts
his other leg here
in his crotch. like. here.
and then he reaches
the other hand around
to caress your boobies.
I was. like. "Oh. This is gay."
If you ever watch.
like. high school wrestling.
this is how it starts.
Oh. your nipples are hard.
You smell nice. too.
What was your name again?
-Ryan.
-I don't care.
And so. there I am.
12-years-old.
trying not to get a boner
in sweatpants.
I'm like. "Grandma peeing.
Grandma peeing.
Grandma peeing."
I know. This is...
Are you feeling good?
You are sturdy.
I like you. Ryan.
Thank you. Um. so then...
Look at that. She got up.
Okay. You can get up.
Ryan. I want to say thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. Ryan.
for the demonstration.
Thank you.
So. that is seriously
the starting position
for. like.
Greco-Roman wrestling
in high school and stuff.
And sometimes. they're like.
"Oh. we're going to do
shirts against skins."
That's where. skins.
you have to take
your shirt off.
I'm like.
"Wow. this is faggoty."
-Um... And I'm into it.
So. there I am.
And I'm. like.
on top of the coach.
because that's the only one
in my weight class.
And there I am.
with my dick against his ass.
And I'm like. "Ooh!"
-"Put me in. coach." Uh...
-
"Put me in. coach!"
I won't say that on an airplane.
-But. "Put me in. coach."
-
I'm like. "Whoo!" Oh.
So. then
they blow the whistle.
He starts it.
He flips me over
on to that fucking mat
so goddamn fast.
Wham! And I was. like...
He's like. "I win."
I'm like. "I think
we both win. sir."
Uh. And now I wonder
why I have a daddy fantasy.
you know?
It's. like.
"Ooh. I love the daddies."
I think I'm...
Jesus Christ.
They're moving on.
I'm making butter.
All right.
Oh. yeah.
So. I love the daddies.
I was with this guy last night.
um. and he was like.
"Yeah. you want
to call me Daddy?"
And I'm like.
"Can I just call you Dad.
"and you just say
you're proud of me?"
Anybody else? Yeah.
So. I called him Daddy.
Uh. and then
he called me a cab.
-and. uh...
-
Which is fair.
because I was wearing
a yellow dress.
"You're a cab."
Anyway. I know.
I know. Are they still yellow?
Who takes it...
All right. Anyway
Uh. But my dad. though.
he actually noticed...
He noticed
that I was getting a little.
you know...
Like. apparently. in my family.
I don't have any cousins.
aunts. uncles...
Nobody's gay.
I'm the only fruit
on my family tree. like...
WOMAN: Whoo!
Yeah. Thank you.
Thank you.
Random genetic fabulosity.
That's what it is.
Yeah. So. he always wanted
to butch me up.
He's. like. "Throw a ball!
I want you to throw a ball.
"Just fucking throw a ball."
I'm. like. "All right. God."
So. then I finally threw a ball.
and he didn't even attend.
I mean. I don't blame him.
you know?
It's one of those.
like. Eyes Wide Shut  sex balls
but. you know...
Like. I'm never going to have
sex with my dad.
Ew. gross.
He's a horrible kisser.
and that is a dealbreaker
in my house.
I'm just kidding.
He's really good.
-Uh. anyway...
-
Grabs the hands.
Oh. that is fucking twisted.
That was twisted.
I know.
I was. like. "Oh. my God.
Mom. how did I end up
this fucking twisted?
"Did you drop me on my head
as a baby?"
And she's like...
"Hon. you got to be held
to be dropped."
I was. like.
"Holy fucking shit.
"Wow! I'm going
to make a therapist
very rich someday."
I know. I was. like.
"Did you smoke
while you were pregnant?"
She was like. "Uh.
only when I drank."
Um...
That was the '70s. man.
The '70s were fucking wild.
I don't know if anybody
is old enough
to remember that shit.
Jesus. just me?
-Thanks. Wow.
Thank you.
-
I'm the chaperone today.
You kids be good now.
No. the '70s were wild.
I mean. I don't know
how I ended up so fucked up.
It could have been. like.
the leaded paint.
the leaded gasoline that we had.
the Teflon pans
that would just scrape off
into your food.
and just pepper it
with some flavoring
and cancer.
Oh. remember Shrinky Dinks?
Shrinky Dinks?
Yeah. you take plastic
and put it in the oven.
-And then bake it
at 500 fucking degrees.
-
That smells great.
No wonder why
I got fucking cancer.
Jesus. Don't worry.
they cut it all out
of me. It's fine.
Uh. true story. You know.
wear sunscreen. kids.
-Oh. Good times.
I know. That actually
is a true story.
I actually did end up
with a little melanoma.
Uh. so get your skin checked.
And if anybody...
You know. Ryan.
if you need me
to check your body...
You know. I'm here for you.
You know?
Are you with your boyfriend?
Oh. Oh. See?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Oh. Oh! Oh. hi.
I don't either.
Ah. so. yeah.
So. you know. cancer.
Good times. fun.
But you know what. though?
They say one in two people
will get cancer
in their lifetime.
So. I took one for the team.
Uh. so. you're welcome.
And so. now. of course.
since I had the skin cancer.
I'm back to being a fat kid
wearing a t-shirt
in the goddamn pool.
So. any other fat kids
had to wear the pool t-shirt.
and they're like.
"Oh. this will cover
my boobies."
No.
-Now you're just
in a wet t-shirt contest.
-
* Pour some sugar on me
Yeah. And in the. you know.
'70s and '80s.
like. there were
the latchkey kids.
I don't know if...
Anybody a latchkey kid?
That's where. you know.
you didn't have
a babysitter
or anything like that.
There was nobody for you.
Your parents give you a key.
and you just let yourself
in the house.
But I didn't think
I was a latchkey kid
because they never gave me
a key to the house.
I. like. was lucky
if I got the fucking code
to the garage door opener.
So. I would sit there
and play with myself...
-By myself. and...
-
I'd usually hide up in the attic
and play with my dad's
porno magazines.
Every dad has. like.
a stash of porno
magazines. right?
And. of course.
I would sit there
and go through them.
you know.
for the "articles."
Because those were the pages
that weren't stuck together.
I know. Oh. How?
This is all making sense.
isn't it?
Thank you. Thank you.
I'm saving a lot of money
on therapy this week.
But I would sit there.
and I would go through
the magazines.
and I would find
the centerfold and stuff.
and she was like.
"Ooh. my turn-ons are.
"mmm. big packages."
I was like.
"Oh. I love presents."
-"Me. too. Oh. my God."
"Pizza." "Oh. fuck.
I love pizza. Shit. yeah.
"Oh. my God. Me. too."
"I'm a Sagittarius."
"I'm a Sagittarius. too.
Oh. my God! Yeah."
"Turn-offs.
'Guys with hairy backs.'"
I was like...
I don't know. I mean. I...
At least you know
you're fucking a man.
-Uh...
-
Not so bad. Yeah. Um...
So. yeah. turn-offs.
And I was like.
"Wow. I really decided
that. um.
"there's probably
no chance in hell
"that I'm going
to be straight."
There's no...
No chance in hell.
And my mom kind of had a clue.
She was very Catholic.
and so she decided
to sign me up
to be an altar boy.
I know. you're like. "Oh. Ooh."
But I mean. free dress.
Sips of the communion wine
and. you know...
You know.
I love that... Yeah.
So. I was like. "Yeah.
sign me up."
And then. the ability
to be on stage.
I was like. "Oh my God."
And he's like. "It's an altar."
-"Show some fucking respect."
I was like. "Oh. okay."
So. Father.
Daddy. whatever. uh...
So. with the altar boy.
it's like.
"Okay. we're going
to the altar." and stuff.
and you sit there.
and you kneel down
on the steps.
and you have your bells
and everything.
I'm like. "Okay.
am I stage left
or stage right?"
-"It's an altar."
Did you hear
there was a gay guy
who went to church
because he heard
there was a man
hung like this?
Oh. my God...
If you hear
a crack of thunder...
-And smell bacon.
You know I've been smited
by God. Anyway...
So. during part
of the performance
of Jesus and the whatevers...
He's like. "This is my body."
and he grabs the Eucharist...
You know. the...
You know.
the bread.
the chip. the whatever
the fuck it is.
I know. Oh. my God.
I'm going right to hell.
in a Gasoline wig
and a paper dress.
Um. so...
So. I'm sitting there.
and he's like.
"This is the body of Christ.
"Eat it in memory of me."
And then you ring the bells.
And it's like. ooh. joyous.
So. the priest stares me down.
-I was like. "What the fuck
did I do? Jesus."
-
So. then we go back
into the back of the rectory.
and he's like. "All right.
"next time you ring the bells.
could you do it
below your head?"
-I'm like. "Whoo!"
-
* You can ring my bell *
Swear to God.
I am going to get smited
by God. I tell you.
And when I die. I think
I want my remains
spread around
an amusement park.
I want. like. you know.
maybe my head
at Magic Mountain.
-You know. I don't want
to be cremated.
-
Why bother?
Head at Magic Mountain.
my leg over at Rapid Rivers.
My penis at It's a Small World.
Not 'cause it's small.
'Cause it's been around
a lot of daddies.
waiting to put their kids
inside of me.
Oh!
And then the kids start
to slide out.
Like those crappy carnivals
and. like. Ashtabula.
You know. whoa!
I know. it's horrible.
Don't get on those things.
Gross. I'm disgusting.
Thank you.
Honestly. if I was cremated.
I'd burn
like a fucking tire fire.
It's just
all this fucking plastic
and foam.
But my mom prayed very hard
for me to be straight
and everything.
and her prayers
were finally answered.
The answer was. "No."
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
All the boys
who are just lining up
to date me.
Thank you. Yeah.
So. I guess my career
as an altar boy
has been ended.
So. now I'm an. "altered boy".
-Thank you. Thank you.
-
I know. Maybe I just wasn't
the priest's type.
So...
I mean. I think
I was a cute kid
because there was
this windowless white van
that always used to pull up
on my block.
Yeah. he was like.
"You want some candy?"
And I was like.
"What kind of candy?"
"Hard candy!"
"Come back
when you have chocolate."
Maybe Butterfingers.
So buttery.
and they slide right in.
Uh... I know.
He couldn't throw me
in the van if he tried.
I was a fat kid.
"Use your legs."
All right. you know...
But I probably
wasn't very cute.
But look at me now.
I know.
Oh. my God. Pandering.
I know. Even as a man.
like. all the time.
like. women...
Women tell me all the time.
"I wish you weren't gay."
And by women.
I mean my mother.
-And...
-
But then. you know.
I wasn't an altar boy.
So. then. you know.
the '80s came along.
and I was a teenager.
and getting ready
for my sexual. like.
"Ooh. this is... I'm ready."
And it was the late '80s. Wow.
Coming out of the closet
in the late '80s
is a great idea. right?
I don't know if everybody
remembers the '80s.
and coming out as gay.
but I'll inform you
that there was a "cancer"
that was going around.
sort of destroying
the gay community.
It was called the Reagans.
Nancy Reagan.
that fucking throat goat slut!
Did you guys know about that?
Her throat got stretched...
Yes. I know.
She's making her...
So. apparently.
all the men in Hollywood.
they were asked.
"Who gave the best head?"
They were like.
"Nancy Reagan."
Nancy fucking Reagan?
Jesus Christ.
That fucking pinched bitch!
Just say no.
She had so many
fucking face lifts.
That's how I think
she kept her throat
-nice and tight.
-
That face has more stitches
than the AIDS Quilt.
Listen. I can make that joke
because I have friends
on the fucking quilt.
All right?
AUDIENCE: Aww.
It's sad. but true.
But you know what. though?
That's how we honor them.
Thank you.
-Yeah.
It was the AIDS epidemic
that had come along.
late '80s.
You know.
it was like everything's.
"AIDS. AIDS. AIDS."
"You're going to get AIDS."
"You drinking a glass
out of somebody.
You're going to get AIDS."
I was like. "Wow.
maybe I should
come out of the closet."
No.
So. it was a really rough time
to be. you know. a teenager
coming into your sexually...
You know. your blossoming
of your sexuality.
And with AIDS being there.
everybody thought. like...
You know. when somebody
would die. one of our friends.
they'd be like.
"Mmm. was it... Was it AIDS?"
I was like.
"No. it was a plane crash."
"Did he die of AIDS
on the plane
-"before it crashed?'
-
Like. that's how
fucking bad it was.
You can look this up.
By the way.
there was an airline
that decided
not to pay full benefits
to people who had died
in a plane crash
because they were HIV-positive.
-Yeah.
This is fucking true.
You can google it.
Not now.
but you can google it.
I know. it was horrible.
And it was such
a horrible thing
for us. as gays.
to try and come out.
So. my parents saw me.
sort of. coming into my own.
and they were like.
"Well. we'll put a stop
to this."
They moved me
up to Rochester. New York.
-Wow.
Thank you. Thank you.
-Are you from Rochester?
-MAN: I went to school there.
You went to school there?
See. that's Rochester.
you know.
Oh. Rochester
is like 6 degrees
of Kevin Bacon.
Everybody knows somebody
who suffered.
Np. but. like. Rochester.
New York. you know.
there's only one gay bar.
and it's only gay
on Thursdays.
So. you know. you're like.
"Yeah. I can come out."
But Rochester. New York.
is kind of
like a theme park as well.
Uh. if the theme
is sadness and despair.
I know. The leaves
fall off the trees in the fall.
not because it's getting cold.
they just die of boredom.
So. we moved to the suburbs.
into a little cul-de-sac.
which is French
for a "dead end." I think.
Um. I don't speak French.
French people
give me the crepes.
I love a dad joke.
Love daddies.
I love dad jokes. you know.
So. instead of going
to gay bars.
-I went out to The Rocky
Horror Picture Show.
-
I know. right?
Which is probably gayer
than any fucking gay bar
I've ever been to.
You know?
It's. like. a transsexual.
like. making a muscle man.
Like. "I'm in."
So. yeah.
And our local production
had this drag queen.
and I was like.
"Why is a woman
playing a drag queen?
I don't..."
They were like.
"That's not a woman.
that's a drag queen."
And this was
my first experience
with drag queens.
I'm like. "Wow.
his fucking Aggy Dune..."
I know. I don't know
if anybody knows.
Rochester. New York.
You can look her up. Aggy Dune.
-A-G-G-Y. Why?
Because we love you.
-
And so. I was like.
"She's stunning.
"I have to go.
I have to do this.
"This is my calling.
I have to be this."
So. after the show.
we would always
go to this restaurant
called The Princess. and...
Another clue.
And so. it was great
because the drag queens
would parade
in to the fucking diner
and these straight boys
would always heckle them.
And so. there was
this one drag queen
named Onyx.
Six-foot-nine.
and worth the climb.
She called herself Onyx
because she was
big. black and hard.
WOMAN: Whoo!
-Like the stone.
-
And so. she's walking
through there in her gown.
and these straight boys
are like.
"Hey! We want
to see you deep-throat
"that ketchup bottle."
And she goes. "Which end?"
I was like. "That is what
I want to fucking be."
I was like. "Slay. queen.
Yas. Werk."
"I want to have
that kind of confidence
"to slay
the fucking straggots."
Straggots is what
we call straight people
who are just faggots.
So. after The Princess.
they decided to invite me
to an after-hours party.
I'm like. "Ooh. my first party."
I was. like...
I was all there.
And then I'm sitting there.
And there was
another drag queen.
Rhoda Dicken.
And so I'm playing
with the makeup and stuff.
and she's like.
"Let's put you in drag."
I was like. "Ooh. I'm there."
So. they threw me into drag
and they were like.
"Oh my God.
you're so pretty."
You know.
the lighting was nice.
-So. they're like.
"You look like Ricki Lake
from the movie Hairspray.
"You should be Ricki Lake.
That should be a drag name."
I'm like. I don't want to.
you know. get sued.
So. they're like.
"Be Darienne Lake."
And for those...
Some of you who know...
You know. like you. sir.
Darienne Lake
is a an amusement park
near Rochester. New York.
Yeah. and like
an amusement park.
usually. people puke
after they ride me.
So. there you have it.
So. then I became
Darienne Lake.
which was fantastic.
I was accepted by this.
like. drag community.
and loved. and...
So. then I was 18 years old.
I was a fabulous
little drag queen.
Living at home
with my very Catholic mother.
Taking my bag of drag.
and. ploop. throwing it
out the window.
and then running
around the bushes.
and getting in drag.
and going off to do the shows.
And so I was doing
the shows.
and doing the shows.
and having the time
of my fucking life.
I was 18. I was making.
like. $17.
These queens these days.
"I charge $5.000."
Fuck you. Pay your dues.
-Anyway...
-
We would be lucky
if they gave us
two drink tickets and $17.
So. then one night.
I come in.
and I'm in full drag.
And the light clicks on.
and it's my mother.
WOMAN: Oh!
Did you ever see
Fatal Attraction
when Glenn Close
is sitting in the dark.
clicking the light
on and off? That was it.
The fucking shit
had hit the fan.
The Bible hit the fag.
-Like. it was...
She was like.
"This is disgusting.
"What is this kinky shit?
You are disgusting.
"Don't you bring the shit
into my fucking house.
"How dare you!
"Are you dressing like this
so you can go
into women's bathrooms.
"and molest people?"
-I was like. "Where the fuck
did your head go? No!"
-
"I'm doing it for $17
and a drink ticket."
Fucking weirdo.
And she was like.
"I'm not paying money
"for some faggot
to live in my house.
"to drive a car.
to go to school.
"You can get the fuck out
of my house."
Eighteen years old.
$17 in my pocket...
Well. I went to The Princess.
so I had $15.
I had a coffee.
So. there I am
in a parking lot.
in a grocery store.
crying my eyelashes off.
I took the car.
because I'm not dumb.
And I'm sitting there.
and I'm like. "This is it.
"How does the one person
who's supposed to love you.
no matter what.
"be like. 'Fuck you. Get out
of my fucking house. faggot.'
'I don't like you.
You're disgusting to me.'"
And I thought.
"There's nobody there for me.
"I'm not even there for me."
and I considered
just ending it all.
Like. I wanted to kill myself.
That was it.
I was... I had nothing.
I'm gay. I'm single.
I've got nothing to live for.
And as I sat there.
with my eyelashes
in my hands...
...I was peeling the glue off.
-Drag is expensive.
not gonna...
-
Reuse these
fucking things again.
And I was like.
"This is a metaphor for life."
You know. this is
a complete metaphor.
You know. you go through
a lot of shit.
And you get a lot of gunk
in your life.
But you peel it off.
and you put on
a new set of glue.
and you start a new day.
And that is my life.
I'm not just going to throw
this life away.
or these lashes away.
This is worth something.
And this is what's
feeding me right now.
It's drag. It's not
just feeding my belly.
It's feeding my soul.
This is my life.
and I have to go on.
Yeah. you're going
to go through a lot of shit.
but shit
makes the flowers grow.
So...
Onyx and Rhoda
took me in.
and they let me sleep
on their couch.
And I was still finishing off
the semester at school.
And sometimes. I wake up
in the morning.
and be in full drag again.
and wouldn't realize
I was in full drag
'til I got...
Looked in the rearview mirror
of the car.
And they became my family.
They became my mother.
They became...You know.
I think that's why gay guys
love women so much.
because you sort of fill
a need for us.
You are mothering to us.
You help us. You help us
get our drunk asses
into the clubs.
and then out of the clubs
and into a cab.
Or we ditch you
when we get
a Grindr hook-up. It's fine.
-You understand.
So. you know. I was like...
I had a new family.
and this is what we do.
as gays.
We find a new family
who become our family
and our support system.
and keep us moving on.
And now I'm. you know.
the black sheep of my family.
Until my 18-year-old sister
got pregnant.
-You know. so...
-
Like. "Whew.
teenage pregnancy."
And my mother was like.
"Oh my God.
now another one. Ugh.
"I've got to move
out of the country.
"My kids are embarrassing me.'
But my sisters.
my biological sisters.
they played a great part
in my life.
and helping my mom
really understand
what it is to love a child
who's gay.
My mother's like.
"Look. I'm a Catholic.
"I gotta bring these kids up
as Catholics.
as good Catholics.
"and let them know
what Christ is."
So. then one day.
my mother calls.
and she's like.
"I want you
to come to dinner.
"I want to talk to you.
"I've been thinking about it.
"and I thought.
'I am a good Catholic.
'I should raise
Catholic children.
'But then I realized.
God has given me
these children
'to test my faith.
'To give me a gay child.
a divorced child.'
You know. 'A child
with a teenage pregnancy.
with a bastard baby.'"
I love my nephew. He's great.
But it helped her learn.
like. God gives you
what you can handle
and lets you learn. like...
"Your lesson's not done.
"There's something else
that you need to learn.
and it's about love.
"It's about true love.
unconditional love."
So. she said. "You know.
I want to thank you
"and I want
to thank your sisters.
'I love you no matter what."
And I was like. "Listen.
don't say 'No matter what.'
"because. 'No matter what'
seems like. you know.
you could be a killer
"and. 'no matter what...' Yeah.
"I want you to say.
'I love you and thank you
'for showing me
who you really are
as a person.
'That's what I'm so honored
to see who you really are.'"
So. she invited me to dinner.
So. we go to dinner.
and she's like.
"Look. it's the '80s.
"I'm very worried
you might get the AIDS."
You know parents. "The AIDS."
"And so. I'm just.
you know. worried."
I'm like. "I don't even do.
like. risky behavior.
"Like. yet."
I wasn't doing anal.
And she's like.
"What else is there?"
So. then I had to explain
gay intimacy to her.
I'm like. "Well.
there's rubbing.
and touching. and kissing.
"and. you know. oral."
"Oral?
-"In your mouth? Oh. my God!
-
"That's sodomy!
"I love your father.
but I could never. Ugh!"
I was like.
"You've never sucked
Dad's dick?"
-My dad was like.
" No."
-
I was like. "Oh. my God.
but you're Catholic.
"Catholic girls are supposed
to not get pregnant.
They just suck dick."
Dad was very sad.
The waiter was very confused.
But you're there.
you're like family.
"More breadsticks.
please. Thank you."
So. we got to a place
of. like.
"Don't ask. don't tell."
and. you know.
it worked out fine for us.
So. we repaired
this relationship.
and it's so great
that she learned
how to be a good Christian.
so. I'm very thankful
for that.
So. then it was the '90s.
and RuPaul was on the radio.
* You better work
And I did.
I used those lashes
over. and over. and over.
-I still have them on.
-
$4.99 a pair.
And my dad was like.
"That RuPaul's
kind of pretty."
I'm like. "Are you sure
I'm not the only fruit?"
So. yeah. So. RuPaul
was on the radio.
and I was continuing
to do drag.
and then. one day.
I was so lucky
to be on RuPaul's Drag Race.
season six.
Thank you.
Spoiler alert.
I mean. come on.
I didn't win. I didn't win.
I didn't win. but that
has not stopped me
from traveling the world
and making huge impressions
in hotel mattresses
around the world.
So. people are always
asking me. like.
"What's it like to be
on RuPaul's Drag Race?"
I'm like. "Torture."
So. they take you from the...
The hotel... Like.
they take you to a hotel.
from the airport.
They take your phone
away from you.
No contact
with the outside world.
They rip the phones
out of the wall in the hotel.
There's no DVR.
They don't let you talk
to the other
contestants either.
because. you know.
they don't want
to have you. like.
have a fight on camera.
and then make up off-camera.
and then walk in the workroom.
like. "Hi. we're friends."
'cause the audience
will be. like.
"What the fuck?"
So. they put you in a room.
They sequester you.
they lock the door.
They put a piece of tape
over the door...
Seriously. They don't want
you leaving.
You break the seal.
and they know.
Thanks Willam.
for ruining it for everybody.
Willam used to go out.
and get a little... Anyway...
So. they put you in the room.
They give you. like.
a big bowl of snacks
and a big. thick thing
of note paper.
and like.
if you need anything.
just write a note.
and slide it under the door.
And in the first hour.
I ran out of note paper.
I was like.
"More snacks."
"More hotel lotion."
Because. you know.
I was doing...
I was doing my delicates
by hand.
Actually. it was more like
roughing up
the fucking witness.
I was playing
Good Cop. Bad Cop
with my fucking dick.
"Tell me what you know!"
"Spit it out."
"Spit it out.
Spit it  out!"
"More fresh towels."
Got 'em.
All right. I got it. Thank you.
Thank you. Jesus.
Oh. my God. I'm bending over
in a corset.
I swear to God. my balls
are going to pop out.
-
But the hotel
was very nice. though.
It had one of those fancy
espresso machines.
but it broke in my suitcase.
Should have wrapped it
in more towels.
But I've been really lucky.
though. to travel
and perform.
It's been fantastic.
It's really led to some
amazing opportunities
for a lot
of the other contestants.
-OnlyFans. apparently.
-
Have you seen it?
Some of the girls. I mean...
They do a lot of porn.
And I've got to say.
it matches their drag.
-Average.
-
So. I've been...
I was so lucky to fly
to Puerto Vallarta. Mexico.
and do a show down there.
-Yeah. Thank you.
Thank you.
-
So beautiful.
Yeah. so fantastic.
And I'm not going
to fat-shame anybody.
because I'm fat.
but the flight attendant.
she kept bumping
my shoulder
every time she'd go by.
I was at a window seat.
I'm a big girl. too.
And then she had the audacity
to give me one bag of pretzels
that was. like.
I flipped it over.
100 calories.
I was like. "Are you...
"That's enough to piss me
the fuck off.
Then I look on the back.
it says. "14 grams."
Honey. I've snorted
more than that.
-Fourteen grams.
Those fucking seats.
Tight as fuck.
My leg keeps hitting
the fucking recline button
by accident.
Like. "Could you...
Sir. could you..." "Sir."
"Could you put your seat up?"
I'm like. "I'm trying."
So. anyway. then I saw
this advertisement
for the Comfort Plus.
"Hey. why don't you upgrade
to Comfort Plus.
"and get
a little more elbow room
for your knees?"
How about a little more
fucking elbow room
for my goddamn elbows?
-Jesus Christ!
-
So. we're going
to Puerto Velveeta...
...and we had
a little downtime
before we did our show.
And so. we're lying
on the beach.
It's beautiful. It's gorgeous.
Sun's out. guns out. and...
And the vendors come up.
and they're like.
"Hey. senorita.
how are you today?"
That's my accent
from Mexico. Thank you.
-Getting canceled today.
-
"Senorita.  hi."
Would you like a sombrero?
I was like. "No. I'm good."
"You're pasty.
you'll get burned."
I was like.
"No. I'm good. Okay?"
"Would you like
some jewelry?"
"No. I'm cool. Cool."
"A scarf?" "No. I'm cool."
"Cocaine?"
-Wow. that was a jump.
"I'll take two scarves."
No. like...
I don't like cocaine.
but I love the way it smells.
Ah!
When I'm getting bare-backed
in a bathroom stall...
"Cocaine smells great."
Actually. most days.
I'm kind of like
a gay Muslim. Stoned.
Hey. I'm not the one
throwing people
off buildings.
That's them.
So. yeah. Phew. It got dark.
-Horrible.
So then. we're walking
down there.
walking down the walkway
and stuff.
and the boardwalk.
and they're like. "Hey. hey."
and you see the guys
outside the pharmacies.
and he's like.
"We have diet pills."
How fucking rude! Rude!
Two boxes.
-I'll take two.
Three. They are great.
by the way.
They work great. I'm sweating
like two rats fucking
in a wool sock.
-All right.
-
So. there was
a really beautiful boy.
His name was Cesar.
And he's like. "Do you want
to go scuba diving?
"I'll take you. We'll take you
on a scuba diving ride."
My friend's like. "No.
This is where
they fucking take you
"to the fucking.
like. outskirts.
"they cut you open.
they sell your organs."
I'm like.
"What are you gonna do
with my fucking organs?"
Like. sell them
as an after-photo?
Like. no. my kidneys
and liver are shot.
So... "No.
they could bury you
in a shallow grave."
Honey. it's going
to take him all day
to dig a fucking hole
to put me in a shallow grave.
-I'm a big bitch.
So. I tell you...
And I'm still in the heels.
Thank you.
I'm waiting for them
to be ground down to flats
in a minute.
All right. so...
But seriously. the ocean
is fucking scary. dude.
It's vast.
And. like. the sharks...
Ugh. Like. my biggest fear
of being half-eaten
by a shark.
is I'd still be 20 pounds
over my goal weight.
So... No. actually.
I'm more terrified
of dolphins
because. I don't know
if you guys know
about dolphins.
but. you know.
they get a little frisky.
They don't know
that "No" means. .
And. of course. if it's...
You know. gets you pregnant
and it's past the guppy stage.
and you live in Oklahoma
or Texas.
-you've got to keep it.
-
Please fucking vote. Anyway...
So. Cesar is like.
"I'll take you on a scuba dive."
I was like. "Okay. great."
So. he gives me a vest
in XXX. I'm like.
"Okay. thank you."
So. there I am.
trying to buckle the thing.
I'm like.  "God."
And I've got my white
swim shirt on.
and I'm buckling
this black vest
over my fucking belly.
Black vest. white shirt.
I looked like Shamu.
So. we get into the water
and I float like soap.
I'm like ivory soap.
just 99.44% pure evil.
And so he's like. ploop.
And then he said
the sweetest thing to me.
Cesar turns to me
and he's like.
"You need to be heavier."
Thank you.
Thank you! I do!
I need
to be heavier.
So. he throws
a weight belt on me.
Bloop. So. he throws
the anchor on me. Bloop.
And I finally sink.
And so. we get down there.
and it's just beautiful.
just gorgeous.
I'm swimming around
like the little sperm maid.
I want to be
where the people aren't.
So. we have a great time.
scuba diving and stuff.
and then we get up there.
And apparently.
there was a hurricane
that was coming. and so.
the water was a'churnin'.
Like my eggs Benedict
from that mornin'.
-Just a'churnin'.
And then. like. "Okay.
get back up on the boat."
So. he grabs the metal ladder
and throws it down.
And the boat's doing this.
and the ladder's doing this.
He's like. "Grab on."
I'm like. "Fuck."
So. this metal ladder.
I'm trying to...
"Oh my God. I've got
no strength left. Holy crap."
So. my hands
and legs are sliding
through the fucking thing.
I'm getting grated
like I'm a goddamn potato
on a mandolin.
-I'm like. "Jesus."
-
"I'm gonna fall."
Then I feel Cesar's hands
on my ass.
I'm like. "Not now."
-Now. he wants a tossed
Cesar salad. Oh!
-
He was like.
"I'm trying to give you a push.
gringa puerca."
Which... I don't
speak Spanish. but I think
that means "Pretty lady."
I'm trying to grab on.
and I have no strength left.
Like. I couldn't slap the shit
out of a colostomy bag.
So. I finally get a leg up
on the fucking thing.
He's got his hands on my ass.
.
it bucks me
into the fucking air.
I go flying
through the fucking air.
I'm like. "Whoa!"
-In my black vest
and white... Like Free Willy.
-
I feel a little boy
eating a bag of kettle corn
just rub my belly
as I fly through the air
on top of him. Splat!
I land on the boat.
the boat goes. .
start sliding down.
The captain goes.
"We're going to need
a bigger boat."
And I finally make it up
onto the boat.
.
The gasoline and salt water
has made it down
into my eggs Benny.
I was like.
.
I see that little boy's bag
of kettle corn.
snatch it out of his hand.
And the first thing you do
after you puke is breathe in.
Kettle corn touched my face
with puke.
Isn't it lovely.
-I'm still single by the way.
Thank you.
-
Ugh. I'm worn out. dehydrated.
half down. handicapped
at this point.
and I'm like.
"Oh my God." crying.
"Somebody give me
a cigarette."
And a bump of cocaine.
So. we get back
to the dock. I'm like...
"Are those nachos?"
I wasn't crying. I was...
-Nachos.
-
So. as I sat there
eating the nachos.
I was like.
"Man. I've got
to take better care
of my fucking self."
You know. that's...
I mean...
I'm going to be 50. last year.
and...
Thank you.
So. I decided.
"I'm going to go
to that gym.
"and I'm going to.
you know..."
Like. I went to the gym
four times.
Last week.
But I couldn't find
a parking spot close enough.
-No. no.
I actually decided.
"I'm paying
for this membership.
"I'm going to go."
I got myself a personal
terrorist... Uh. trainer.
And I've lost some weight.
People are like.
"How much did you lose?"
"We've seen
your transformation.
How much did you lose?"
And actually. like...
Almost
200 pounds.
-know.
I'm still fat. It's cool.
Um. but that's not it.
It's not about what you lose.
It's about what you gain.
I have gained strength.
I have gained flexibility.
I can now sit on my dick.
Squat down. and get in it.
Did I put panties on?
I have gained my flexibility.
my energy. my life back.
And that is what
I'm so truly happy about it.
It's not about the number
on the fucking scale.
It's about what you give.
what you get in life.
That's what I feel better about.
I can continue
to now get on my knees.
and praise Jesus.
-And...
-
But I also gained
the cheddar
and sour cream chips.
I have made it.
And that's the thing. too.
It's like. I've been fat
my whole fucking life.
And I was like. "Uh.
you know. maybe this is...
"This is just me. Whatever."
And it's fine to be fat.
But it's so important
to be strong.
and be able to get off
the floor when you can.
You know. like.
I don't want to be...
Because my parents
are getting old.
They're getting to that.
they fall
on the fucking floor.
they never get up. "Help.
I've fallen. I can't get up."
Which we think is funny.
But when you're lying
there. embarrassed.
in a Walmart parking lot.
you know. it's not so great.
So. it's about taking care
of yourself
and having that.
I don't want to be a burden
on anybody.
So. I'm like.
"Let me take care of myself
and get stronger."
And I honestly
did not think I could do it.
But then I thought
about bumblebees.
And I don't know if you know
the story about bumblebees.
Their wings are really small
for their big. fat bodies.
According to physics.
bumblebees should not fly.
but they do.
They defy physics. and they fly.
They take their fat
little bodies.
and they put all their heart
and energy into it.
and they can fly.
So. as I stand up here.
still in heels...
...I want you to know
that if I can fucking do it.
anybody can do it.
I know that all of you can fly.
I believe in all of you.
My sisters. my misters.
my girls. my gays
and my theys.
I want you to go out there
and attack every fucking world.
And remember. when shit
gets you down. pull it off.
and remember
tomorrow is a new day.
Bat those fuckin eyelashes
and fly your fat ass
to the goddamn sun.
-loveyou.
Thank you for being here.
-Big kisses from the big girl.
Muah!
* I'm pushing hard
But even then it's all I got
* I won't stop...
Till I'm 'bout to.
'bout to die
* It's not just me
I know it's you and I
* Together we
Together we can fly
* La. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la
Together we can fly. fly
* La. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la
Together we can fly *